I'm here with Ronnie Barnhardt one of
the security guards here at the mall
okay
ma'am I'm I'm the head of mall security
you should do that again and say it
right I'm detective Harrison County
police we're gonna catch the guy that
did this
what clear that this pervert plans will
come back here murdering brandy oh my
god is that Kenny happiness no it's not
gonna happen
you come brandy you're the only thing in
this mall with protecting Brandi do you
have a boyfriend in your life yeah
oh hi again you are so gorgeous hard me
think that this disgusting pervert is
the best thing that ever happened to me
this is my chance to be great
what if the police ever really done
nothing good I'm in charge of this
Dennis you're my second in command
humans he has are my infantry what he
dies God gave me another one off with it
spare my soul on catch this guy keep us
out among can have now Camille but no
lon yeah I don't know sending less see
it's come did it
what'd he say I don't know I don't like
Spanish good fingers more for the
deadlift definitely I believe every man
has a path laid out before him this has
been a magical evening my path is a
righteous one I think I need a mint or
something I accept you I've been chosen
to be the protector
please don't taze me man
the world has no use for another scared
man
right now the world needs a hero
you
don't need to thank me I'm just a guy
with a gun
you